Fix deadlock after failed partial `munmap` (#16413)
emscripten-core/emscripten: ChangeLog.md

- Remove unmaintained ASMFS filesystem backend and associated `-sASMFS`
  settings.  The new wasmfs filesystem is far enough along that it seems clear
  that ASMFS will not need to be revived.

> - Fix deaklock in `munmap` that was introduced in 3.1.5.  The deadlock would
>   occur in multi-threaded programs when a parial unmap was requested (which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix deadlock in `munmap` that was introduced in 3.1.5.  The deadlock would
  occur in multi-threaded programs when a partial unmap was requested (which
```
